Simulation of a 2D lattice where the temperature of the right and left lattice can be controlled and the
corresponding per particle energies can be visualized.

Simulation:
   steps   movie   dynamics
     1000    2%    steps at zero temperature nothing moves.
     9000   18%    steps where the two lattices are in contact with a hot (T=1.9) and cold (T=0.1) thermostat.
    40000   80%    steps where the thermostats are removed, and the system is allowed to evolve with
                   Newtonian dynamics.
           
Outputs are:
     movie.avi   movie showing dynamics with atom types of the lattices and boundary
     ekin.avi    movie showing dynamics with a color code based on the kinetic energy of the atoms
     ebond.avi   movie showing dynamics with a color code based on the bond energy of the atoms
     etot.avi    movie showing dynamics with a color code based on the total energy energy of the atoms.
     
     The same colour code is use in the three simulations.

     energy.t    file with tabulated energies
         Column 1 : timestep
         Column 2 : average energy per atom
         Column 3 : average energy per left atom
         Column 4 : average energy per right atom
         Column 5 : average kinetic energy per left atom
         Column 6 : average bond energy per left atom
         Column 7 : average kinetic energy per right atom
         Column 8 : average bond energy per right atom         


I have fixed 2% randomly chosen lattice positions, this is to scatter phonons to ensure better mixing.

This is an ideal spring model, and hence the dynamics can be regarded as a superposition of vibration modes.
These vibration modes have a certain energy when the thermostat is switched off, and and due to the vibration
modes not exchanging energy, the lattice does not redistribute this energy with other modes leading to poor
mixing, such that potentially we can risk energy not being equipartitioned on all the systems degrees of freedom.

What is missing here is some element of randomness / non-linearity or larger system size to ensure modes
are well mixed.


